NAME                                                READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/account-services-75f7757b9-j5znc                1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/achievement-services-ddd975bd7-2zvmk            1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics-7bb8f78d-24pnp   1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server-8bdcb4f8b-tqnqt   2/2     Running   0          13h
pod/backup-services-855fd94ff8-rfdv8                1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/db-mongodb-ff99b45b6-624jf                      1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/db-redis-master-0                               1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/db-redis-replicas-0                             0/1     Pending   0          13h
pod/leaderboard-services-7787bf777f-4zkww           1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/matchmaking-services-dfc5577f9-mv4q4            1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/notification-services-6f85948cbc-n2wfs          1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/persona-services-7864cdf6c6-mfmll               1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/progression-services-dcc848898-z8rqp            1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/quest-services-6bc67b86bd-xs2f4                 1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/scripting-services-5d8677cf7c-tclds             1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/server-instance-services-6857f6dbf5-ppl88       1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/service-monitor-df8d54d9d-rh9qk                 1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/session-services-5b7fbc5b66-6hqc8               1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/social-services-7ccbcff887-7sdxt                1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/telemetry-services-5c646dbb96-szz72             1/1     Running   0          13h
pod/world-services-5666c4dd56-hzq4b                 1/1     Running   0          13h

NAME                                     TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)     AGE
service/account-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.51.107    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/achievement-services             ClusterIP   172.23.17.89     <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics   ClusterIP   172.23.252.168   <none>        8080/TCP    13h
service/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server    ClusterIP   172.23.221.250   <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/backup-services                  ClusterIP   172.23.58.201    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/db-mongodb                       ClusterIP   172.23.241.71    <none>        27017/TCP   13h
service/db-redis-headless                ClusterIP   None             <none>        6379/TCP    13h
service/db-redis-master                  ClusterIP   172.23.19.37     <none>        6379/TCP    13h
service/db-redis-replicas                ClusterIP   172.23.198.89    <none>        6379/TCP    13h
service/leaderboard-services             ClusterIP   172.23.69.25     <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/matchmaking-services             ClusterIP   172.23.245.237   <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/notification-services            ClusterIP   172.23.109.120   <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/persona-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.103.87    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/progression-services             ClusterIP   172.23.227.87    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/quest-services                   ClusterIP   172.23.110.215   <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/scripting-services               ClusterIP   172.23.12.103    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/server-instance-services         ClusterIP   172.23.69.222    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/service-monitor                  ClusterIP   172.23.165.42    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/session-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.151.33    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/social-services                  ClusterIP   172.23.190.34    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/telemetry-services               ClusterIP   172.23.62.122    <none>        80/TCP      13h
service/world-services                   ClusterIP   172.23.115.135   <none>        80/TCP      13h

NAME                                             READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/account-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/achievement-services             1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics   1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server    1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/backup-services                  1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/db-mongodb                       1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/leaderboard-services             1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/matchmaking-services             1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/notification-services            1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/persona-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/progression-services             1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/quest-services                   1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/scripting-services               1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/server-instance-services         1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/service-monitor                  1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/session-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/social-services                  1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/telemetry-services               1/1     1            1           13h
deployment.apps/world-services                   1/1     1            1           13h

NAME                                                      DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/account-services-75f7757b9                1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/achievement-services-ddd975bd7            1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics-7bb8f78d   1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server-8bdcb4f8b   1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/backup-services-855fd94ff8                1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/db-mongodb-ff99b45b6                      1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/leaderboard-services-7787bf777f           1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/matchmaking-services-dfc5577f9            1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/notification-services-6f85948cbc          1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/persona-services-7864cdf6c6               1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/progression-services-dcc848898            1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/quest-services-6bc67b86bd                 1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/scripting-services-5d8677cf7c             1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/server-instance-services-6857f6dbf5       1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/service-monitor-57bfcdcbc6                0         0         0       13h
replicaset.apps/service-monitor-6d4598b578                0         0         0       13h
replicaset.apps/service-monitor-df8d54d9d                 1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/session-services-5b7fbc5b66               1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/social-services-7ccbcff887                1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/telemetry-services-5c646dbb96             1         1         1       13h
replicaset.apps/world-services-5666c4dd56                 1         1         1       13h

NAME                                 READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/db-redis-master     1/1     13h
statefulset.apps/db-redis-replicas   0/3     13h
