source/getting_started/install/onprem_helm.rst, before:

==================================
Installation On-Premises with Helm
==================================

**Time to Complete: 10 minutes**

This article details the steps to install the AcceleratXR platform to an on-premises Kubernetes cluster using Helm.
Before you begin make sure that all :doc:`pre-requisites <prerequisites>` have been installed and configured correctly.

Chart Repository
================

AcceleratXR maintains its own Helm repository containing all the official Helm charts. Add the repository and dependencies with the following commands.

.. code-block:: bash
   
   helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
   helm repo add bokysan https://bokysan.github.io/docker-postfix/
   helm repo add ingress-nginx https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx
   helm repo add grafana https://grafana.github.io/helm-charts
   helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
   helm repo add percona https://percona.github.io/percona-helm-charts/

   helm repo add axr https://nexus.acceleratxr.com/repository/axr-helm/
   
   helm repo update

Namespaces
==========

It is recommended that AcceleratXR be installed within a dedicated namespace within Kubernetes. A namespace can be created
explicitly as shown below or automatically during helm installation using the `--create-namespace` option.

.. code-block:: bash

   kubectl create axr-demo-v1

The above example creates a namespace called ``axr-demo-v1``.  This namespace will contain all of the platform's
resources.

Install Command
===============

The helm chart has a number of required properties that must be set in order to install correctly. These are:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 50 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Setting
     - Description
     - Example
   * - ``title``
     - The title of the product being deployed.
     - AXR Demo
   * - ``domain``
     - The primary domain that the platform will be deployed to.
     - ``demo.goaxr.cloud``
   * - ``ingress.hosts[0].host``
     - The exact hostname that the platform's REST API will be served from.
     - ``api.demo.goaxr.cloud``

For details on all available configuration options please consult the repository's
`README <https://gitlab.acceleratxr.com/Core/tools/k8s_deploy/-/blob/master/README.md>`_.

Utilizing In-Cluster Database Servers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following command will install the AcceleratXR platform and set up all necessary database
servers within the running cluster. This is the **RECOMMENDED** install method.

.. code-block:: bash

   helm upgrade --install axr-demo-v1 axr/acceleratxr \
   --create-namespace \
   --namespace axr-demo-v1 \
   --set title=AXR-Demo \
   --set domain=demo.goaxr.cloud \
   --set ingress.hosts[0].host=api.demo.goaxr.cloud

Utilizing External Database Servers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If external database providers are desired, such as using DocumentDB/RDS/Elasticache when running in AWS,
the following command should be used.

.. code-block:: bash

   helm upgrade --install axr-demo-v1 axr/acceleratxr \
   --create-namespace \
   --namespace axr-demo-v1 \
   --set title=AXR-Demo \
   --set domain=demo.goaxr.cloud \
   --set ingress.hosts[0].host=api.demo.goaxr.cloud \
   --set mongodb.create=false \
   --set mongodb.url=mongodb://admin:<PASSWORD>@ext.hosted.mongodb \
   --set mongodb.auth.username="admin" \
   --set mongodb.auth.password="<PASSWORD>" \
   --set mongodb.auth.rootPassword="<PASSWORD>"

Utilizing Custom ``values.yaml``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sometimes our default configuration is not the most desirable option. In such scenarios you can freely edit the ``values.yaml`` file
included in the helm chart repository and deploy using that method instead. Be sure to fill in any of values marked as **Required**.
Then you can install your cluster with the following simple command.

.. code-block:: bash

   helm upgrade --install axr-demo-v1 axr/acceleratxr \
   --create-namespace \
   --namespace axr-demo-v1 \
   -f values.yaml

Output
======

Once you've successfully installed the platform with Helm you will see output from the command like the following. The Cluster Address is your API base url, and the Admin Console URL below your admin credentials is the web portal to your Console where you can manage your cluster, browse data, perform live script updates, and more.

.. code-block:: bash

   NAME: axr-demo-v1
   LAST DEPLOYED: Thu May 13 12:11:31 2021
   NAMESPACE: axr-demo-v1
   STATUS: deployed
   REVISION: 1
   NOTES:
   ###############################################################################
   # !!!IMPORTANT!!! WRITE DOWN THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION                        #
   ###############################################################################
   Cluster Addresses:

      https://api.demo.goaxr.cloud/v1

   Admin Account:
   Username: admin
   Password: <PASSWORD>

   Admin Console:
      https://console.demo.goaxr.cloud

   Authentication Configuration:
   Audience: demo.goaxr.cloud
   Issuer: api.demo.goaxr.cloud
   ExpiresIn: 1 hour
   Secret: "<SECRET>"

   Databases:
   MongoDB:
      Root Password: <PASSWORD>
      Username: admin
      Password: <PASSWORD>
      URL: mongodb://mongodb
   PostgreSQL:
      Username: postgres
      Password: <PASSWORD>

Configuring DNS
===============

Once AcceleratXR cluster is created you must configure your DNS server to point to the ingress domain(s) set.

When nginx is setup it creates a Load Balancer resource. This LoadBalancer is what traffic will come in to the cluster to and will be routed to the AcceleratXR ingress. Therefore, the external IP address of the load balancer is required. You can discover this IP address with the following command.

.. code-block:: bash

   kubectl -n nginx get svc

This will result in an output like the following.

.. code-block:: bash

   NAME                                       TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)                      AGE
   nginx-ingress-nginx-controller             LoadBalancer   172.23.207.63   96.46.186.213   80:31246/TCP,443:32541/TCP   204d
   nginx-ingress-nginx-controller-admission   ClusterIP      172.23.254.84   <none>          443/TCP                      204d

In the above example, the public IP of the LoadBalancer is `96.46.186.213`. Now update your DNS for the configured **ingress** domains by creating an *A* record
for the domains with this address.

As an example, using the above cluster configuration we must create an **A Record** DNS entry for the domain `api.demo.goaxr.cloud` to point to IP `96.46.186.213`.

Validating the Installation
===========================

To validate that the platform was successfuly installed and running correctly you can run ``kubectl get all`` on your
cluster. The output should look similar to the following.

.. code-block:: bash

   kubectl -n axr-demo-v1 get all

.. code-block:: bash

   NAME                                                READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
   pod/account-services-75f7757b9-j5znc                1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/achievement-services-ddd975bd7-2zvmk            1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics-7bb8f78d-24pnp   1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server-8bdcb4f8b-tqnqt   2/2     Running   0          13h
   pod/backup-services-855fd94ff8-rfdv8                1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/db-mongodb-ff99b45b6-624jf                      1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/db-redis-master-0                               1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/db-redis-replicas-0                             0/1     Pending   0          13h
   pod/leaderboard-services-7787bf777f-4zkww           1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/matchmaking-services-dfc5577f9-mv4q4            1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/notification-services-6f85948cbc-n2wfs          1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/persona-services-7864cdf6c6-mfmll               1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/progression-services-dcc848898-z8rqp            1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/quest-services-6bc67b86bd-xs2f4                 1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/scripting-services-5d8677cf7c-tclds             1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/server-instance-services-6857f6dbf5-ppl88       1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/service-monitor-df8d54d9d-rh9qk                 1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/session-services-5b7fbc5b66-6hqc8               1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/social-services-7ccbcff887-7sdxt                1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/telemetry-services-5c646dbb96-szz72             1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/world-services-5666c4dd56-hzq4b                 1/1     Running   0          13h
   
   NAME                                     TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)     AGE
   service/account-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.51.107    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/achievement-services             ClusterIP   172.23.17.89     <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics   ClusterIP   172.23.252.168   <none>        8080/TCP    13h
   service/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server    ClusterIP   172.23.221.250   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/backup-services                  ClusterIP   172.23.58.201    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/db-mongodb                       ClusterIP   172.23.241.71    <none>        27017/TCP   13h
   service/db-redis-headless                ClusterIP   None             <none>        6379/TCP    13h
   service/db-redis-master                  ClusterIP   172.23.19.37     <none>        6379/TCP    13h
   service/db-redis-replicas                ClusterIP   172.23.198.89    <none>        6379/TCP    13h
   service/leaderboard-services             ClusterIP   172.23.69.25     <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/matchmaking-services             ClusterIP   172.23.245.237   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/notification-services            ClusterIP   172.23.109.120   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/persona-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.103.87    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/progression-services             ClusterIP   172.23.227.87    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/quest-services                   ClusterIP   172.23.110.215   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/scripting-services               ClusterIP   172.23.12.103    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/server-instance-services         ClusterIP   172.23.69.222    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/service-monitor                  ClusterIP   172.23.165.42    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/session-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.151.33    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/social-services                  ClusterIP   172.23.190.34    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/telemetry-services               ClusterIP   172.23.62.122    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/world-services                   ClusterIP   172.23.115.135   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   
   NAME                                             READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
   deployment.apps/account-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/achievement-services             1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics   1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server    1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/backup-services                  1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/db-mongodb                       1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/leaderboard-services             1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/matchmaking-services             1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/notification-services            1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/persona-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/progression-services             1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/quest-services                   1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/scripting-services               1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/server-instance-services         1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/service-monitor                  1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/session-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/social-services                  1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/telemetry-services               1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/world-services                   1/1     1            1           13h
   
   NAME                                                      DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
   replicaset.apps/account-services-75f7757b9                1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/achievement-services-ddd975bd7            1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics-7bb8f78d   1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server-8bdcb4f8b   1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/backup-services-855fd94ff8                1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/db-mongodb-ff99b45b6                      1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/leaderboard-services-7787bf777f           1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/matchmaking-services-dfc5577f9            1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/notification-services-6f85948cbc          1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/persona-services-7864cdf6c6               1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/progression-services-dcc848898            1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/quest-services-6bc67b86bd                 1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/scripting-services-5d8677cf7c             1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/server-instance-services-6857f6dbf5       1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/service-monitor-57bfcdcbc6                0         0         0       13h
   replicaset.apps/service-monitor-6d4598b578                0         0         0       13h
   replicaset.apps/service-monitor-df8d54d9d                 1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/session-services-5b7fbc5b66               1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/social-services-7ccbcff887                1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/telemetry-services-5c646dbb96             1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/world-services-5666c4dd56                 1         1         1       13h
   
   NAME                                 READY   AGE
   statefulset.apps/db-redis-master     1/1     13h
   statefulset.apps/db-redis-replicas   0/3     13h
   
Lastly you can check that the platform is correctly responding to API requests using the following test.
The URL is obtained using the Cluster Address reported from the installation command and adding
``/status`` to the end.

.. code-block:: bash

   curl https://api.demo.goaxr.cloud/v1/status

.. code-block:: json

   {
   	"services": {
   		"account-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.153Z",
   			"name": "account_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.152Z",
   			"version": "1.26.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.153Z"
   		},
   		"achievement-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.158Z",
   			"name": "achievement_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.157Z",
   			"version": "1.7.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.160Z"
   		},
   		"backup-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.166Z",
   			"name": "backup_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.166Z",
   			"version": "1.0.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.166Z"
   		},
   		"leaderboard-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.171Z",
   			"name": "leaderboard_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.171Z",
   			"version": "1.9.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.171Z"
   		},
   		"matchmaking-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.176Z",
   			"name": "matchmaking_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.175Z",
   			"version": "1.0.0-rc10",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.176Z"
   		},
   		"notification-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.182Z",
   			"name": "notification_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.181Z",
   			"version": "1.8.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.182Z"
   		},
   		"persona-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.186Z",
   			"name": "persona_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.186Z",
   			"version": "1.10.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.186Z"
   		},
   		"progression-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.191Z",
   			"name": "progression_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.190Z",
   			"version": "1.6.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.191Z"
   		},
   		"quest-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.195Z",
   			"name": "quest_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.195Z",
   			"version": "1.6.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.195Z"
   		},
   		"scripting-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.200Z",
   			"name": "scripting_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.200Z",
   			"version": "1.8.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.200Z"
   		},
   		"server-instance-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.208Z",
   			"name": "server_instance_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.207Z",
   			"version": "1.8.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.208Z"
   		},
   		"session-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.214Z",
   			"name": "session_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.214Z",
   			"version": "1.9.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.214Z"
   		},
   		"social-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.220Z",
   			"name": "social_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.219Z",
   			"version": "1.6.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.220Z"
   		},
   		"telemetry-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.229Z",
   			"name": "telemetry_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.228Z",
   			"version": "1.8.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.229Z"
   		},
   		"world-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.235Z",
   			"name": "world_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.234Z",
   			"version": "1.14.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.235Z"
   		}
   	},
   	"healthy": 15,
   	"offline": 0,
   	"total": 15
   }

Commit message:

Renaming AcceleratXR to Xsolla Backend

source/getting_started/install/onprem_helm.rst, after:

==================================
Installation On-Premises with Helm
==================================

**Time to Complete: 10 minutes**

This article details the steps to install the Xsolla Backend engine to an on-premises Kubernetes cluster using Helm.
Before you begin make sure that all :doc:`pre-requisites <prerequisites>` have been installed and configured correctly.

Chart Repository
================

Xsolla Backend maintains its own Helm repository containing all the official Helm charts. Add the repository and dependencies with the following commands.

.. code-block:: bash
   
   helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
   helm repo add bokysan https://bokysan.github.io/docker-postfix/
   helm repo add ingress-nginx https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx
   helm repo add grafana https://grafana.github.io/helm-charts
   helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io
   helm repo add percona https://percona.github.io/percona-helm-charts/

   helm repo add axr https://nexus.acceleratxr.com/repository/axr-helm/
   
   helm repo update

Namespaces
==========

It is recommended that Xsolla Backend be installed within a dedicated namespace within Kubernetes. A namespace can be created
explicitly as shown below or automatically during helm installation using the `--create-namespace` option.

.. code-block:: bash

   kubectl create axr-demo-v1

The above example creates a namespace called ``axr-demo-v1``.  This namespace will contain all of the platform's
resources.

Install Command
===============

The helm chart has a number of required properties that must be set in order to install correctly. These are:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 50 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Setting
     - Description
     - Example
   * - ``title``
     - The title of the product being deployed.
     - AXR Demo
   * - ``domain``
     - The primary domain that the platform will be deployed to.
     - ``demo.goaxr.cloud``
   * - ``ingress.hosts[0].host``
     - The exact hostname that the platform's REST API will be served from.
     - ``api.demo.goaxr.cloud``

For details on all available configuration options please consult the repository's
`README <https://gitlab.acceleratxr.com/Core/tools/k8s_deploy/-/blob/master/README.md>`_.

Utilizing In-Cluster Database Servers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following command will install the Xsolla Backend engine and set up all necessary database
servers within the running cluster. This is the **RECOMMENDED** install method.

.. code-block:: bash

   helm upgrade --install axr-demo-v1 axr/acceleratxr \
   --create-namespace \
   --namespace axr-demo-v1 \
   --set title=AXR-Demo \
   --set domain=demo.goaxr.cloud \
   --set ingress.hosts[0].host=api.demo.goaxr.cloud

Utilizing External Database Servers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If external database providers are desired, such as using DocumentDB/RDS/Elasticache when running in AWS,
the following command should be used.

.. code-block:: bash

   helm upgrade --install axr-demo-v1 axr/acceleratxr \
   --create-namespace \
   --namespace axr-demo-v1 \
   --set title=AXR-Demo \
   --set domain=demo.goaxr.cloud \
   --set ingress.hosts[0].host=api.demo.goaxr.cloud \
   --set mongodb.create=false \
   --set mongodb.url=mongodb://admin:<PASSWORD>@ext.hosted.mongodb \
   --set mongodb.auth.username="admin" \
   --set mongodb.auth.password="<PASSWORD>" \
   --set mongodb.auth.rootPassword="<PASSWORD>"

Utilizing Custom ``values.yaml``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sometimes our default configuration is not the most desirable option. In such scenarios you can freely edit the ``values.yaml`` file
included in the helm chart repository and deploy using that method instead. Be sure to fill in any of values marked as **Required**.
Then you can install your cluster with the following simple command.

.. code-block:: bash

   helm upgrade --install axr-demo-v1 axr/acceleratxr \
   --create-namespace \
   --namespace axr-demo-v1 \
   -f values.yaml

Output
======

Once you've successfully installed the platform with Helm you will see output from the command like the following. The Cluster Address is your API base url, and the Admin Console URL below your admin credentials is the web portal to your Console where you can manage your cluster, browse data, perform live script updates, and more.

.. code-block:: bash

   NAME: axr-demo-v1
   LAST DEPLOYED: Thu May 13 12:11:31 2021
   NAMESPACE: axr-demo-v1
   STATUS: deployed
   REVISION: 1
   NOTES:
   ###############################################################################
   # !!!IMPORTANT!!! WRITE DOWN THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION                        #
   ###############################################################################
   Cluster Addresses:

      https://api.demo.goaxr.cloud/v1

   Admin Account:
   Username: admin
   Password: <PASSWORD>

   Admin Console:
      https://console.demo.goaxr.cloud

   Authentication Configuration:
   Audience: demo.goaxr.cloud
   Issuer: api.demo.goaxr.cloud
   ExpiresIn: 1 hour
   Secret: "<SECRET>"

   Databases:
   MongoDB:
      Root Password: <PASSWORD>
      Username: admin
      Password: <PASSWORD>
      URL: mongodb://mongodb
   PostgreSQL:
      Username: postgres
      Password: <PASSWORD>

Configuring DNS
===============

Once Xsolla Backend cluster is created you must configure your DNS server to point to the ingress domain(s) set.

When nginx is setup it creates a Load Balancer resource. This LoadBalancer is what traffic will come in to the cluster to and will be routed to the Xsolla Backend ingress. Therefore, the external IP address of the load balancer is required. You can discover this IP address with the following command.

.. code-block:: bash

   kubectl -n nginx get svc

This will result in an output like the following.

.. code-block:: bash

   NAME                                       TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)                      AGE
   nginx-ingress-nginx-controller             LoadBalancer   172.23.207.63   96.46.186.213   80:31246/TCP,443:32541/TCP   204d
   nginx-ingress-nginx-controller-admission   ClusterIP      172.23.254.84   <none>          443/TCP                      204d

In the above example, the public IP of the LoadBalancer is `96.46.186.213`. Now update your DNS for the configured **ingress** domains by creating an *A* record
for the domains with this address.

As an example, using the above cluster configuration we must create an **A Record** DNS entry for the domain `api.demo.goaxr.cloud` to point to IP `96.46.186.213`.

Validating the Installation
===========================

To validate that the platform was successfuly installed and running correctly you can run ``kubectl get all`` on your
cluster. The output should look similar to the following.

.. code-block:: bash

   kubectl -n axr-demo-v1 get all

.. code-block:: bash

   NAME                                                READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
   pod/account-services-75f7757b9-j5znc                1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/achievement-services-ddd975bd7-2zvmk            1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics-7bb8f78d-24pnp   1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server-8bdcb4f8b-tqnqt   2/2     Running   0          13h
   pod/backup-services-855fd94ff8-rfdv8                1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/db-mongodb-ff99b45b6-624jf                      1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/db-redis-master-0                               1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/db-redis-replicas-0                             0/1     Pending   0          13h
   pod/leaderboard-services-7787bf777f-4zkww           1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/matchmaking-services-dfc5577f9-mv4q4            1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/notification-services-6f85948cbc-n2wfs          1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/persona-services-7864cdf6c6-mfmll               1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/progression-services-dcc848898-z8rqp            1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/quest-services-6bc67b86bd-xs2f4                 1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/scripting-services-5d8677cf7c-tclds             1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/server-instance-services-6857f6dbf5-ppl88       1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/service-monitor-df8d54d9d-rh9qk                 1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/session-services-5b7fbc5b66-6hqc8               1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/social-services-7ccbcff887-7sdxt                1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/telemetry-services-5c646dbb96-szz72             1/1     Running   0          13h
   pod/world-services-5666c4dd56-hzq4b                 1/1     Running   0          13h
   
   NAME                                     TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)     AGE
   service/account-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.51.107    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/achievement-services             ClusterIP   172.23.17.89     <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics   ClusterIP   172.23.252.168   <none>        8080/TCP    13h
   service/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server    ClusterIP   172.23.221.250   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/backup-services                  ClusterIP   172.23.58.201    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/db-mongodb                       ClusterIP   172.23.241.71    <none>        27017/TCP   13h
   service/db-redis-headless                ClusterIP   None             <none>        6379/TCP    13h
   service/db-redis-master                  ClusterIP   172.23.19.37     <none>        6379/TCP    13h
   service/db-redis-replicas                ClusterIP   172.23.198.89    <none>        6379/TCP    13h
   service/leaderboard-services             ClusterIP   172.23.69.25     <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/matchmaking-services             ClusterIP   172.23.245.237   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/notification-services            ClusterIP   172.23.109.120   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/persona-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.103.87    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/progression-services             ClusterIP   172.23.227.87    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/quest-services                   ClusterIP   172.23.110.215   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/scripting-services               ClusterIP   172.23.12.103    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/server-instance-services         ClusterIP   172.23.69.222    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/service-monitor                  ClusterIP   172.23.165.42    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/session-services                 ClusterIP   172.23.151.33    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/social-services                  ClusterIP   172.23.190.34    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/telemetry-services               ClusterIP   172.23.62.122    <none>        80/TCP      13h
   service/world-services                   ClusterIP   172.23.115.135   <none>        80/TCP      13h
   
   NAME                                             READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
   deployment.apps/account-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/achievement-services             1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics   1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server    1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/backup-services                  1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/db-mongodb                       1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/leaderboard-services             1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/matchmaking-services             1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/notification-services            1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/persona-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/progression-services             1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/quest-services                   1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/scripting-services               1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/server-instance-services         1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/service-monitor                  1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/session-services                 1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/social-services                  1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/telemetry-services               1/1     1            1           13h
   deployment.apps/world-services                   1/1     1            1           13h
   
   NAME                                                      DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
   replicaset.apps/account-services-75f7757b9                1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/achievement-services-ddd975bd7            1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/axr-demo-v1-kube-state-metrics-7bb8f78d   1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/axr-demo-v1-prometheus-server-8bdcb4f8b   1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/backup-services-855fd94ff8                1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/db-mongodb-ff99b45b6                      1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/leaderboard-services-7787bf777f           1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/matchmaking-services-dfc5577f9            1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/notification-services-6f85948cbc          1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/persona-services-7864cdf6c6               1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/progression-services-dcc848898            1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/quest-services-6bc67b86bd                 1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/scripting-services-5d8677cf7c             1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/server-instance-services-6857f6dbf5       1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/service-monitor-57bfcdcbc6                0         0         0       13h
   replicaset.apps/service-monitor-6d4598b578                0         0         0       13h
   replicaset.apps/service-monitor-df8d54d9d                 1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/session-services-5b7fbc5b66               1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/social-services-7ccbcff887                1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/telemetry-services-5c646dbb96             1         1         1       13h
   replicaset.apps/world-services-5666c4dd56                 1         1         1       13h
   
   NAME                                 READY   AGE
   statefulset.apps/db-redis-master     1/1     13h
   statefulset.apps/db-redis-replicas   0/3     13h
   
Lastly you can check that the platform is correctly responding to API requests using the following test.
The URL is obtained using the Cluster Address reported from the installation command and adding
``/status`` to the end.

.. code-block:: bash

   curl https://api.demo.goaxr.cloud/v1/status

.. code-block:: json

   {
   	"services": {
   		"account-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.153Z",
   			"name": "account_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.152Z",
   			"version": "1.26.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.153Z"
   		},
   		"achievement-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.158Z",
   			"name": "achievement_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.157Z",
   			"version": "1.7.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.160Z"
   		},
   		"backup-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.166Z",
   			"name": "backup_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.166Z",
   			"version": "1.0.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.166Z"
   		},
   		"leaderboard-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.171Z",
   			"name": "leaderboard_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.171Z",
   			"version": "1.9.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.171Z"
   		},
   		"matchmaking-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.176Z",
   			"name": "matchmaking_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.175Z",
   			"version": "1.0.0-rc10",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.176Z"
   		},
   		"notification-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.182Z",
   			"name": "notification_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.181Z",
   			"version": "1.8.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.182Z"
   		},
   		"persona-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.186Z",
   			"name": "persona_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.186Z",
   			"version": "1.10.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.186Z"
   		},
   		"progression-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.191Z",
   			"name": "progression_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.190Z",
   			"version": "1.6.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.191Z"
   		},
   		"quest-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.195Z",
   			"name": "quest_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.195Z",
   			"version": "1.6.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.195Z"
   		},
   		"scripting-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.200Z",
   			"name": "scripting_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.200Z",
   			"version": "1.8.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.200Z"
   		},
   		"server-instance-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.208Z",
   			"name": "server_instance_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.207Z",
   			"version": "1.8.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.208Z"
   		},
   		"session-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.214Z",
   			"name": "session_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.214Z",
   			"version": "1.9.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.214Z"
   		},
   		"social-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.220Z",
   			"name": "social_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.219Z",
   			"version": "1.6.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.220Z"
   		},
   		"telemetry-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.229Z",
   			"name": "telemetry_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.228Z",
   			"version": "1.8.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.229Z"
   		},
   		"world-services": {
   			"lastHeartbeat": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.235Z",
   			"name": "world_services",
   			"online": true,
   			"time": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.234Z",
   			"version": "1.14.0",
   			"lastUpdate": "2022-03-11T21:02:35.235Z"
   		}
   	},
   	"healthy": 15,
   	"offline": 0,
   	"total": 15
   }
