source/getting_started/admin/database.rst, before:

===============
Database Access
===============

Pre-requisites
==============

The following tools are required to follow this guide.

* `kubectl <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/overview/>`_

Overview
========

AcceleratXR allows for direct access to any of the underlying databases used by the platform. Each database is run as a local set of pods within
the kubernetes namespace that the cluster was deployed to.

AcceleratXR currently deploys three different database technologies across five different instances.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

    * - Type
      - Instance Name(s)
      - Description
    * - MongoDB
      - `mongodb`
      - Long term and permanent storage for service data of various systems including accounts.
    * - PostgreSQL
      - `postgres`
      - Long term and permanent storage for service data of various systems including economy.
    * - Redis
      - `cache`
      - Used for 2nd level caching of HTTP requests and search queries.
    * - Redis
      - `events`
      - Used to communicate system events and broadcast telemetry data to all AcceleratXR platform services.
    * - Redis
      - `redis`
      - Used for performance sensitive systems such as matchmaking and leaderboards.

Connecting to MongoDB
=====================

An AcceleratXR cluster's MongoDB database can be accessed directly using the `kubectl` tool and the `port-forward` command.

First you'll need to identify the exact name of the database pod. To do this we need to list all pods in the cluster's namespace.

.. code-block:: bash

    kubectl -n axr-demo-v1 get pods

Look for the pod whose name starts with `mongodb` as shown below.

.. image:: /images/admin/database_get_pod.png

The next step is to set up a port forwarding tunnel to the pod in order to access the server from a local machine. In our example the name of the mongodb pod is `mongodb-67b485dc9d-64c58`.

.. code-block:: bash

    kubectl -n axr-demo-v1 port-forward mongodb-67b485dc9d-64c58 27017:27017

This command will start a port forwarding tunnel to the mongodb pod by forwarding the pod's port 27017 to the local port 27017.

.. image:: /images/admin/database_port_forward.png

Now the database can be accessed as if the server is running locally. Try connecting to it with MongoDB Compass.

.. image:: /images/admin/database_compass_connect.png

When you're done you can stop the port forward operation by hitting `Ctrl+C` in the terminal window.

Commit message:

Renaming AcceleratXR to Xsolla Backend

source/getting_started/admin/database.rst, after:

===============
Database Access
===============

Pre-requisites
==============

The following tools are required to follow this guide.

* `kubectl <https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/overview/>`_

Overview
========

Xsolla Backend allows for direct access to any of the underlying databases used by the platform. Each database is run as a local set of pods within
the kubernetes namespace that the cluster was deployed to.

Xsolla Backend currently deploys three different database technologies across five different instances.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

    * - Type
      - Instance Name(s)
      - Description
    * - MongoDB
      - `mongodb`
      - Long term and permanent storage for service data of various systems including accounts.
    * - PostgreSQL
      - `postgres`
      - Long term and permanent storage for service data of various systems including economy.
    * - Redis
      - `cache`
      - Used for 2nd level caching of HTTP requests and search queries.
    * - Redis
      - `events`
      - Used to communicate system events and broadcast telemetry data to all Xsolla Backend engine services.
    * - Redis
      - `redis`
      - Used for performance sensitive systems such as matchmaking and leaderboards.

Connecting to MongoDB
=====================

An Xsolla Backend cluster's MongoDB database can be accessed directly using the `kubectl` tool and the `port-forward` command.

First you'll need to identify the exact name of the database pod. To do this we need to list all pods in the cluster's namespace.

.. code-block:: bash

    kubectl -n axr-demo-v1 get pods

Look for the pod whose name starts with `mongodb` as shown below.

.. image:: /images/admin/database_get_pod.png

The next step is to set up a port forwarding tunnel to the pod in order to access the server from a local machine. In our example the name of the mongodb pod is `mongodb-67b485dc9d-64c58`.

.. code-block:: bash

    kubectl -n axr-demo-v1 port-forward mongodb-67b485dc9d-64c58 27017:27017

This command will start a port forwarding tunnel to the mongodb pod by forwarding the pod's port 27017 to the local port 27017.

.. image:: /images/admin/database_port_forward.png

Now the database can be accessed as if the server is running locally. Try connecting to it with MongoDB Compass.

.. image:: /images/admin/database_compass_connect.png

When you're done you can stop the port forward operation by hitting `Ctrl+C` in the terminal window.
