source/getting_started/index.rst, before:

===============
Getting Started
===============

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
 
    install/index
    basics
    framework/index
    sdks/index
    admin/index

What is AcceleratXR?
====================

AcceleratXR is a backend platform and network engine for building massively scalable cross-platform, cross-device live
service games and applications. The backend platform is composed of more than two dozen services that together enable
developers to build feature rich virtual worlds and interactive social communities in a fraction of the time compared
to proprietary technologies or similar products and services available.

In addition, AcceleratXR is also a framework and collection of infrastructure tools and end-user programs designed to
streamline product development so that teams are able to dramatically improve productivity while developing custom
systems and features for their products. In this way, AcceleratXR is like an operating system with the special purpose
of running modern interactive media applications and services.

In the pages of this section you will learn how to install and manage the AcceleratXR platform backend, the software
development kits that integrate with popular game engines, and how to use the additional tools and framework in order
to extend the capabilities of the platform for your project.

Commit message:

Renaming AcceleratXR to Xsolla Backend

source/getting_started/index.rst, after:

===============
Getting Started
===============

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
 
    install/index
    basics
    framework/index
    sdks/index
    admin/index

What is Xsolla Backend?
====================

Xsolla Backend is a backend platform and network engine for building massively scalable cross-platform, cross-device live
service games and applications. The backend platform is composed of more than two dozen services that together enable
developers to build feature rich virtual worlds and interactive social communities in a fraction of the time compared
to proprietary technologies or similar products and services available.

In addition, Xsolla Backend is also a framework and collection of infrastructure tools and end-user programs designed to
streamline product development so that teams are able to dramatically improve productivity while developing custom
systems and features for their products. In this way, Xsolla Backend is like an operating system with the special purpose
of running modern interactive media applications and services.

In the pages of this section you will learn how to install and manage the Xsolla Backend engine backend, the software
development kits that integrate with popular game engines, and how to use the additional tools and framework in order
to extend the capabilities of the platform for your project.
