# End User License Agreement

Version: 1.0.1, Updated: 2021-08-06

Please read this Agreement carefully. It is a legal document that explains your
rights and obligations related to your use of AcceleratXR™ Technology and
related content. By downloading or using this software or any related content,
you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not or
cannot agree to the terms of this Agreement, please do not download or use this
software or any related content.

Certain words or phrases are defined to have certain meanings when used in this
Agreement. Those words and phrases are defined below in Section 25.

If you are separately licensed by AcceleratXR, Inc. under a Custom License
certain terms of this Agreement do not apply to your Custom License. Those terms
are described below in Section 26.

**1. License Grant**

AcceleratXR, Inc. (the “Company”) grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable (except as described in this Agreement) license to use,
reproduce, display, perform, and modify the Licensed Technology for any lawful
purpose (the “License”). However, the rights that Company grants you under the
License are subject to the terms of this Agreement, and you may only make use of
the License if you comply with all terms.

The License becomes effective on the date you accept this Agreement or download
the Source Code or any Content. The License does not grant you any title or
ownership in the Licensed Technology.

**(A) Allowed forms of Distribution and Sublicensing**

There is no restriction on your Distribution of a Product made using the
Licensed Technology that does not include any Source Code (including as modified
by you under the License) and does not require any Licensed Technology
(including as modified by you under the License) to run (“Unrestricted
Products”). For clarity, the foregoing does not constitute a license under any
patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual property
rights, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

You may only Distribute the Licensed Technology as follows:

>   *a.* Distribution to end users – You may Distribute the Licensed Technology
>   incorporated in object code format only as an inseparable part of a Product
>   to end users who are subject to an end user license agreement which
>   explicitly disclaims any representations, warranties, conditions, and
>   liabilities related to the Licensed Technology.

>   *b.* Distribution to other licensees – You may Distribute the Licensed
>   Technology (including as modified by you under the License) in Source Code
>   or object code format, or any Content, to an AcceleratXR Licensee who has
>   rights under its license to the same Version of the Source Code that you are
>   Distributing.

>   *c.* Distributions to employees and contractors – You also may Distribute
>   Content to an AcceleratXR Licensee who is your employee or your contractor
>   who does not have rights under their license to the same Content, but only
>   to permit that AcceleratXR Licensee to utilize that Content in good faith to
>   develop a Product on your behalf for Distribution by you under the License,
>   and not for the purpose of Content pooling or any other Distribution or
>   sublicensing of Content that is not permitted under this Agreement.
>   Recipients of such a Distribution have a limited license to use, reproduce,
>   display, perform, and modify that Content to develop your Product as
>   outlined above, and for no other purpose.

>   *d.* Distribution and sublicensing of Examples – You may Distribute or
>   sublicense Examples (including as modified by you under the License) in
>   Source Code or object code format to any third party. However, the rights in
>   this Section 1(d) do not expand or modify your limited Distribution and
>   sublicensing rights for Source Code (including as modified by you under the
>   License) that are not Examples.

You are permitted to post snippets of Source Code, up to 30 lines of code in
length, online in public forums for the sole purpose of discussing the content
of the snippet, or distribute such snippets in connection with supporting
patches and plug-ins for the Licensed Technology, so long as it is not for the
purpose of enabling non- AcceleratXR Licensees to use or modify any Source Code,
or to aggregate, recombine, or reconstruct any larger portion of the Source
Code.

You may not sublicense the Licensed Technology in Source Code format. You may
not sublicense the Licensed Technology in object code format, or any Content,
except to grant end users the ability to use, or to permit your publishers and
distributors to market and Distribute, a Product that you Distribute as
permitted in Section 1(a) above. This paragraph does not limit your rights to
Distribute and sublicense Examples.

When you generate revenue from a Product or Distribute it to end users, you must
send Company with advance notification to
[release@acceleratxr.com](mailto:release@acceleratxr.com), as early as
reasonably possible, including the name of the Product, the format of
distribution, unique Product id (where applicable), and the distribution
channel(s)

**(B) Other Restrictions**

>   **i. Non-Compatible Licenses**

>   The limitations and restrictions to the Licensed Technology under this
>   Agreement shall not be altered by combining any aspect of the Licensed
>   Technology with any code or other content which is covered by a separate
>   license, regardless of the terms of such separate license.

>   **ii. General Restrictions**

>   You may not engage in any activity with respect to the Licensed Technology,
>   including as incorporated into a Product, (1) for any gambling-related
>   activities or Products (as defined by law in the jurisdiction of use); (2)
>   for any pornographic activities or Products (as defined by law in the
>   jurisdiction of use); (3) for operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft
>   navigation, aircraft communication systems or air traffic control machines,
>   or for military use in connection with live combat; (4) in violation of any
>   applicable law or regulation; (5) in which the Licensed Technology is rented
>   or leased; (6) that misappropriates any of Company’s other products or
>   services; (7) in support of a claim by you or any third party that the
>   Licensed Technology infringes a patent. You also may not sell or grant a
>   security interest in the Licensed Technology.

**2. User License**

The Licensed Technology is licensed to you for use by a single User. The User
may store the Licensed Technology on any of the User’s computers, but the
Licensed Technology cannot be shared with others (including any other employees
or agents) except through a permitted Distribution as described above.

Under the License, the User may use the Licensed Technology for as long as you
comply with this Agreement. If you are a legal entity, references to “you” in
this agreement also apply to the User in all cases. You are responsible for the
User’s compliance with this Agreement.

If you are an Academic Institution, your use is not limited to a single User for
any Licensed Technology. Instead, you may store that Licensed Technology on any
of your computers, and you may allow all users of those computers to use that
Licensed Technology under the License. However, those users are not authorized
under your License to Distribute or sublicense the Licensed Technology
(including as incorporated in a Product). For that, they must obtain a License
of their own.

**3. New Versions**

During the term of your License, you will be entitled to access future Versions
of the Source Code and new Content that Company chooses to make available to
you. Company does not have any obligation to make new Versions of the Source
Code or new Content available. Nor does Company have any obligation to continue
to make available for access or download any or all Versions of the Source Code.
However, any Versions of the Source Code that Company has made available to you,
and for which you have accepted any applicable amendment to this Agreement as
described in Section 22, are considered part of the Licensed Technology and may
be used under the License (as amended by that amendment)

**4. Paid Content**

Company may make Paid Content available to you for a fee. Your License to Paid
Content is subject to your payment of the associated fee. When you pay the fee
to obtain Paid Content, you are purchasing from Company the right to have your
License include that Paid Content. Regardless of any references Company may make
outside this Agreement to purchasing or selling Paid Content, Paid Content is
licensed, not sold, to you under the License.

When you provide payment information to Company or its authorized processor, you
represent that you are an authorized user of the payment card, PIN, key,
account, or other payment method specified by you, and you authorize Company to
charge such payment method for the full amount of the transaction.

**5. Royalty**

You agree to pay Company a royalty equal to 4% of all worldwide gross revenue
actually attributable to each Product, regardless of whether that revenue is
received by you or any other person or legal entity, as follows:

**a.** Gross revenue resulting from any and all sales of a Product to end users
through any and all media, including but not limited to digital and retail;

**b.** Gross revenue resulting from any and all in-app purchases, downloadable
content, microtransactions, subscriptions, sale, transfer, or exchange of
content created by end users for use with a Product, or redemption of virtual
currency, either within a Product or made externally but which directly affect
the operation of the Product;

**c.** Gross revenue from any Kickstarter or other crowdfunding campaign which
is directly associated with Product access or in-Product benefit (e.g., in a
multi-tiered campaign, if an amount is established in an early tier solely for
Product access, your royalty obligation will apply to that amount for each
backer with the same access, but not on additional amounts in higher tiers based
on ancillary benefits);

**d.** Your revenue from in-app advertising and affiliate programs;

**e.** Revenue from advance payments for a Product (from a publisher or
otherwise); and

**f.** Revenue in any other form actually attributable to a Product (unless
excluded below).

However, no royalty is owed on the following forms of revenue:

**1.** The first \$100,000.00 in gross revenue for each Product (Product as used
herein includes all versions, additions, and releases of a product as a single
product. Also, products made available under a general license and pass will all
be treated as a single Product for purposes of this royalty exclusion);

**2.** Financial winnings generated by awards for the Product;

The royalty is based on gross revenue from end users, regardless of whether you
sell your Product to end users directly, self-publish via an app store or any
similar store, or work with a publisher. The following simplified example
illustrates the application of the royalty to gross sales: if your Product earns
\$10 on the app store, Apple may pay you \$7 (having deducted 30% as a
distribution fee), but your royalty to Company would still be 4% of \$10 (or
\$0.40).

Royalties that you pay on an advance payment of revenue for a Product that is
recoupable by the payer, such as a publisher, may be credited against future
royalty payments that you incur under this Agreement for that Product.

Royalties must be reported and paid on a per-Product basis. The \$100,000 per
Product royalty exemption may not be aggregated across multiple Products except
as expressly stated otherwise herein.

Within 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter in which a Product earns
revenue outside of the above-listed royalty exclusions, you must pay to Company
the full amount of the royalty due for that quarter and send Company a royalty
report on a per Product basis. Any requirements for detailed information on
royalty reporting and payment can be found at
[acceleratxr.com/release](https://acceleratxr.com/release).

The royalty will be payable under this Agreement with respect to each Product
for as long as any Content (including as modified by you under the License)
incorporated in or used to make the Product are protected under copyright or
other applicable intellectual property law.

**6. Payments**

Company reserves the right to charge a 2% late fee, per calendar quarter
(compounding), for any amounts unpaid after the required due date.

You are responsible for all taxes on all payments required to be made by you
under this Agreement (other than taxes that Company is obligated to pay on its
income, which are Company’s responsibility). If you are required by a government
agency to reduce your payment to Company for any reason, you are required to
provide sufficient documentation to Company supporting the withholding. For
questions about withholding taxes or taxes in general, please go to
acceleratxr.com/contact.

**7. Records and Audits**

You agree to keep accurate books and records related to your development,
manufacture, Distribution, and sale of Products and related revenue. Company may
conduct reasonable audits of those books and records. Audits will be conducted
during business hours on reasonable prior notice to you. Company will bear the
costs of audits unless the results show a shortfall in payments in excess of 5%
during the period audited, in which case you will be responsible for the cost of
the audit.

**8. Cost**

Unless as otherwise agreed to under a Custom License, the Licensed Technology is
provided to You, under the terms of this Agreement, free of charge with no
implied costs. If You have made any payments, to a Third-Party or otherwise, for
the Licensed Technology such payments does not grant You any License to the
Licensed Technology. Please contact
[fraud@acceleratxr.com](mailto:fraud@acceleratxr.com) to report any unlawful
use.

**9. Support**

Company does not have any support obligations with respect to the Licensed
Technology under this Agreement. Company does provide Support and Consulting
Services on a Paid basis under a separate Support Agreement. More information
can be found at [acceleratxr.com/pricing](https://acceleratxr.com/pricing).

**10. Feedback and Contributions**

If you provide Company with any Feedback, Company is free to use the Feedback
however it chooses. If you make any Contribution available to Company, you
hereby assign to Company all right, title, and interest (including all
copyright, patent, and other intellectual property rights) in that Contribution
for all current and future methods and forms of exploitation in any country. If
any of those rights are not effectively assigned under applicable law, you
hereby grant Company a non-exclusive, fully-paid, irrevocable, transferable,
sublicensable license to reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly
display, make, use, have made, sell, offer to sell, import, modify and make
derivative works based on, and otherwise exploit that Contribution for all
current and future methods and forms of exploitation in any country. If any of
those rights may not be assigned or licensed under applicable law (such as moral
and other personal rights), you hereby waive and agree not to assert all of
those rights. However, you may continue to freely use any Feedback that you
provide to Company, and you may continue to use, in any manner consistent with
the License, any Contribution that you make available to Company.

You understand and agree that Company is not required to make any use of any
Feedback or Contribution that you provide. You agree that if Company makes use
of your Feedback or Contribution, Company is not required to credit or
compensate you for your contribution.

You represent and warrant that you have sufficient rights in any Feedback or
Contribution that you provide to Company to grant Company and other affected
parties the rights described above. This includes but is not limited to
intellectual property rights and other proprietary or personal rights.

**11. Third Party Software**

The Source Code includes Third Party Software components. If Third Party
Software has separate software license or attribution requirements, the license
terms or other attribution requirements for Third Party Software components can
be found in the root directory for each version (ThirdPartyNotices file). By
entering into this Agreement and using Third Party Software, you are accepting
the terms of those licenses. In this case, the Third Party Software terms will
govern your use of the Third Party Software, and if there is inconsistency,
those terms will take precedence over the terms of the License for the Third
Party Software. You agree that the owners of the Third Party Software are
intended third party beneficiaries to this Agreement in relation to your uses of
Third Party Software.

**12. Ownership**

Company or its licensors own all title, ownership rights, and intellectual
property rights in the Source Code. All rights granted to you under this
Agreement are granted by express license only and not by sale, and all of those
rights are limited by the terms of this Agreement. No license or other rights
will be created hereunder by implication, estoppel, or otherwise. Any attempted
sublicense under this Agreement that is not consistent with the terms of this
Agreement will be null and void.

**13. Proprietary Notices and Attribution**

You agree to retain and reproduce in all copies of the Licensed Technology the
copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices and disclaimers of Company
and third parties as they appear in the Source Code.

You agree to place the following notices in the credits for any Product, other
than Unrestricted Products that do not otherwise have credits, (replacing YYYY
with the current year):

“[Product name] uses AcceleratXR™ Technology. AcceleratXR™ is a trademark or
registered trademark of AcceleratXR, Inc. in the United States of America and
elsewhere”

“AcceleratXR™ Technology, Copyright 2018 – YYYY, AcceleratXR, Inc. All rights
reserved.”

No other license or right in the Company Trademarks is granted under this
Agreement. All use of the Company Trademarks will inure to the sole benefit of
Company. You agree not to engage in any activity that could tarnish, dilute, or
affect the validity or enforceability of the Company Trademarks or cause
consumer confusion or diminish any goodwill relating to any Company Trademarks.

Company may use your trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos used with
any Product, as well as publicly released screen shots and video content from
the Product, in connection with Company’s marketing, advertisement, and
promotion of AcceleratXR™ Technology in any and all media without restriction.

**14. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability**

The Licensed Technology and all other materials and information provided by
Company (the “Company Materials”) are provided on an “as is” and “as available”
basis, “with all faults” and without warranty of any kind. Company, its
licensors, and its and their affiliates disclaim all warranties, conditions,
common law duties, and representations (express, implied, oral, and written)
with respect to the Company Materials, including without limitation all express,
implied, and statutory warranties and conditions of any kind, such as title,
non-interference with your enjoyment, authority, non-infringement,
merchantability, fitness or suitability for any purpose (whether or not Company
knows or has reason to know of that purpose), system integration, accuracy or
completeness, results, reasonable care, workmanlike effort, lack of negligence,
and lack of viruses, whether alleged to arise under law, by reason of custom or
usage in the trade, or by course of dealing. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, Company, its licensors, and its and their affiliates make no
warranty that (1) any of the Company Materials will operate properly, including
as integrated in any Product, (2) that the Company Materials will meet your
requirements, (3) that the operation of the Company Materials will be
uninterrupted, bug free, or error free in any or all circumstances, (4) that any
defects in the Company Materials can or will be corrected, (5) that the Company
Materials are or will be in compliance with a platform manufacturer’s rules or
requirements, or (6) that a platform manufacturer will approve any of your
Products, or will not revoke approval of any Product for any or no reason. Any
warranty against infringement that may be provided in Section 2-312 of the
Uniform Commercial Code or in any other comparable statute is expressly
disclaimed. Company, its licensors, and its and their affiliates do not
guarantee continuous, error-free, virus-free, or secure operation of or access
to the Company Materials. This paragraph will apply to the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither Company, its
licensors, nor its or their affiliates, nor any of Company’s service providers,
shall be liable in any way for loss or damage of any kind resulting from the use
or inability to use the Company Materials or otherwise in connection with this
Agreement, including but not limited to loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses. In no event will Company, its licensors, nor its or their affiliates,
nor any of Company’s service providers be liable for any loss of profits or any
indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive, or exemplary damages, or
any other damages arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the
Company Materials, or the delay or inability to use or lack of functionality of
the Company Materials, even in the event of Company’s or its affiliates’ fault,
tort (including negligence), strict liability, indemnity, product liability,
breach of contract, breach of warranty, or otherwise and even if Company or its
affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damages. These
limitations and exclusions regarding damages apply even if any remedy fails to
provide adequate compensation.

Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the
limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in those states
or jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations of liability shall apply only to the
full extent permitted by law.

**15. Indemnity**

You agree to indemnify, pay the defense costs of, and hold Company, its
licensors, its and their affiliates, and its and their employees, officers,
directors, agents, contractors, and other representatives harmless from all
claims, demands, actions, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including
attorneys’ fees, costs, and expert witnesses’ fees) that arise from or in
connection with (a) any claim that, if true, would constitute a breach by you of
this Agreement (including, without limitation, any Distribution or sublicensing
of the Licensed Technology in violation of this Agreement) or negligence by you,
(b) any claim brought by any third party to whom you Distribute or sublicense
the Licensed Technology in violation of this Agreement (including without
limitation any claim that the Licensed Technology infringes a patent), (c) any
claim that any Product or any other matter you created, or your exercise of the
Company Licenses, infringes any third party’s intellectual property rights or
other proprietary or personal rights, or (d) any federal, state, or foreign
civil or criminal actions related to any Product. You agree to reimburse Company
on demand for any defense costs incurred by Company and any payments made or
loss suffered by Company, whether in a court judgment or settlement, based on
any matter covered by this Section 15.

If you are prohibited by law from entering into the indemnification obligation
above, then you assume, to the extent permitted by law, all liability for all
claims, demands, actions, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including
attorneys’ fees, costs and expert witnesses’ fees) that are the stated subject
matter of the indemnification obligation above.

**16. Export Compliance**

You agree to comply with all applicable federal and foreign laws, regulations,
and rules, and complete any required undertakings. You will obtain any necessary
export license or other governmental approval prior to accessing, downloading,
exporting, re-exporting, or releasing the Licensed Technology. You represent and
warrant that you do not appear on any United States list of prohibited or
restricted parties (including the Specially Designated Nationals List).

**17. Term and Termination**

**A. Term of the License.**

This Agreement will continue in effect unless terminated as described below.

**B. Termination by Company.**

Company may terminate the Agreement by providing written notice if you breach
any provision of this Agreement and the breach is not curable or, if it is
curable, you fail to cure the breach within thirty (30) days of notice of the
breach from Company. Without limiting the foregoing, your failure to make any
payment due under this Agreement or breach of any restriction under the Company
Licenses constitutes a breach of this Agreement.

**C. Termination for Intellectual Property Action.**

The Agreement will terminate automatically as of the date you commence any claim
that the Licensed Technology infringes any intellectual property, such as a
patent, or otherwise support any claim by a third party that the Licensed
Technology infringes any intellectual property, such as a patent.

**D. Effect of Termination.**

Upon any termination, the Company Licenses will automatically terminate, you may
no longer exercise any of the rights granted to you by the Company Licenses, and
you must destroy all copies of the Licensed Technology in your possession and
cease distributing any Products developed under this Agreement (other than
Unrestricted Products). Within 30 days of termination, unless otherwise agreed
by Company, you must destroy all Products in your inventory (other than
Unrestricted Products).

**E. Surviving Provisions**

Sections 7, 10-12, 14, 15, 17, 18, and 21-27 will survive termination of this
Agreement. In addition, all restrictions on use and distribution of Licensed
Technology in Section 1 will survive termination of this Agreement.

**F. No Refunds**

Except to the extent required by law, all payments, fees and royalties are
non-refundable under all circumstances, regardless of whether or not this
Agreement has been terminated.

**18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction**

You agree that this Agreement will be deemed to have been made and executed in
the State of Florida, U.S.A., and any dispute will be resolved in accordance
with the laws of Florida, excluding that body of law related to choice of laws,
and of the United States of America. Any action or proceeding brought to enforce
the terms of this Agreement or to adjudicate any dispute must be brought in the
Superior Court of Orange County, State of Florida or the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Florida. You agree to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of these courts. You waive any claim of inconvenient
forum and any right to a jury trial. The Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods will not apply. Any law or regulation which provides
that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter will not
apply to this Agreement.

**19. U.S. Government End Users**

The Licensed Technology and related documentation are “Commercial Items” (as
defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101), consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and
“Commercial Computer Software Documentation” (as used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48
C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable). The Licensed Technology is being licensed to
U.S. Government end users only as Commercial Items and with only those rights as
are granted to other licensees (other than Academic Institutions) under this
Agreement.

**20. Independent Contractor**

You and Company are independent contractors and are not the legal
representative, agent, joint venturer, partner, or employee of the other.
Neither party has any right or authority to assume or create any obligations of
any kind or to make any representation or warranty on behalf of the other party.

**21. Class Action Waiver**

You agree not to bring or participate in a class or representative action,
private attorney general action, or collective arbitration related to the
Licensed Technology or this Agreement. You also agree not to seek to combine any
action or arbitration related to the Licensed Technology or this Agreement with
any other action or arbitration without the consent of all parties to this
Agreement and all other actions or arbitrations.

**22. Amendments of this Agreement**

Company may issue an amended Agreement at any time in its discretion by
providing notice to you or by providing you with digital access to the amended
Agreement when you next download the Source Code, new Versions, or access our
website at acceleratxr.com. You are not required to accept the amended
Agreement. However, in order to continue to use new Versions, you must accept
the amended Agreement. By downloading or using a new Version, you hereby agree
to be bound by the amended Agreement then most recently issued by Company. If
you do not accept the amended Agreement, you may not download or use any new
Version that is made available by Company contemporaneously with or after the
issuance of that amended Agreement (but this will not terminate your License for
the Licensed Technology that you downloaded prior to the issuance of the amended
Agreement). If you are a legal entity, acceptance of an amended Agreement by any
of your Users will be binding on you.

**23. Notices**

Where this Agreement calls for notice from Company, including written notice,
Company may provide notice to you at the website
[acceleratxr.com](https://acceleratxr.com) or at the email address that you
provided when you registered for Support (or any updated email address you
subsequently provide). Company’s notices to you will be effective when they are
published to [acceleratxr.com](https://acceleratxr.com) or sent to that email
address.

**24. No Assignment**

You may not, without the prior written consent of Company, assign, transfer,
charge, or sub-contract all or any of your rights or obligations under this
Agreement, and any attempt without that consent will be null and void. Company
may at any time assign, transfer, charge, or sub-contract all or any of its
rights or obligations under this Agreement. For clarity, you are not prohibited
by Company from assigning or transferring your rights in your Product, other
than the Source Code, Content, and Contributions. Third Party Software
assignment and transfer is governed by the terms of the applicable licenses

**25. Definitions**

As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized words have the following
meanings:

*“Academic Institution”* means any educational institution such as, but not
limited to, a university, college, or high school, as well as libraries.

*“Content”* means any code, artwork, or other content that Company makes
available to you.

*“Contribution”* means any code, whether in Source Code format or object code
format, or any other information, that you make available to Company by any
means (e.g., via submissions to forums, wiki, or Company’s GitLab, or through
email or otherwise) which in any way incorporates, extends, alters, is derived
from, or otherwise in any way constitutes a derivative work of any portion of
the Licensed Technology.. In addition, mere use of code with the Licensed
Technology, without making that code available to Company, does not constitute a
Contribution.

*“Custom License”* means any agreement between you and Company, or any
sublicensor authorized by Company, other than this Agreement or any amendment to
this Agreement, under which you are granted a license to use AcceleratXR™
Technology to develop one or more product(s).

*“Custom Product”* means a product developed pursuant to a Custom License.

*“Distribute”* means to provide or otherwise make a copy available, or to make
its functionality available on a network.

*“AcceleratXR Licensee”* means a third party who is separately licensed by
Company to use the Source Code.

*"Company"* means AcceleratXR, Inc., a Florida Corporation having its principal
business offices at 1170 Tree Swallow Drive, Suite 306, Winter Springs, FL,
32708, U.S.A

*“Company Licenses”* means this License.

*“Company Trademarks”* means the trademarks, service marks, trade names and
logos associated with AcceleratXR, AcceleratXR’s technology and other
intellectual property, and the AcceleratXR™ Technology.

*“Examples”* means the Source Code made available by Company in GitLab at the
URL <https://gitlab.acceleratxr.com/Core/samples>.

*“Feedback”* means any feedback or suggestions that you provide to Company
regarding the Licensed Technology.

*“Licensed Technology”* means any or all of the Source Code and the Content,
including as modified by you under the License.

*“Paid Content”* means any Content made available to you by Company for an
additional fee.

*“Product”* means any product developed under this Agreement that is made using
the Licensed Technology or that combines the Licensed Technology with any other
software, regardless of how much or little of the Licensed Technology is used.
Product as defined herein shall not include any product which competes with any
product or service offering of Company or otherwise provides networking software
for the purposes of providing real-time and asynchronous user interaction.

*“Source Code”* means the human readable form of a software program, including
all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts
used to control compilation, and installation of an executable (object code).

*“Third Party Software”* means third party software components included in the
Source Code.

*“User”* means an individual user who accesses or downloads the Source Code and
Content from Company’s GitLab account or website(s). If you are an individual,
“User” means you. For legal entities, “User” means the individual employee or
agent through whom you are exercising rights under this Agreement.

*“Version”* means any updated or upgraded version of the Source Code that
Company chooses to make available to the public.

*“You,” “your”* or *“yourself”*, whether or not capitalized in this Agreement,
means you as an individual or the legal entity exercising rights under this
Agreement through you. For legal entities, “you,” “your” and “yourself” include
any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with you,
where “control” means the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or
management of the entity in question, whether by contract or otherwise, or
ownership of 50% or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of
the entity in question.

**26. Custom Licenses**

Custom Licenses are not modified or otherwise affected by this Agreement. For
Custom Products, the terms of your applicable Custom License will govern all
matters (including royalties, notifications, Feedback, Contributions,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, screen shots, and video content
related to those Custom Products) related to your use of the code, artwork, that
are licensed to you under that Custom License, as applicable, instead of the
terms of this Agreement.

You may exercise your rights in Paid Content under this License in connection
with Custom Products that are developed and distributed under your Custom
License as if they were Products developed and distributed under the License.
However, your exercise of those rights in connection with Custom Products is
governed by and subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without
limitation all obligations and limitations that apply to use of Paid Content in
connection with Products, as well as all disclaimers, limitations of liability,
and indemnification rights of Company, whether related to Paid Content,
Products, or otherwise. Despite this, no royalty is owed under this Agreement on
Custom Products, but royalties may be owed on Custom Products under the terms of
a Custom License.

As used in this Agreement, the defined term “Product” does not include Custom
Products, and except as described above, the terms of this Agreement applicable
to Products do not apply to Custom Products.

**27. Miscellaneous**

This Agreement and any document or information referred to in this Agreement
constitute the entire agreement between you and Company relating to the subject
matter covered by this Agreement. All other communications, proposals, and
representations with respect to the subject matter covered by this Agreement are
excluded.

The original of this Agreement is in English; any translations are provided for
reference purposes only. You waive any right you may have under the law of your
country to have this Agreement written or construed in the language of any other
country.

This Agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under
the laws of your jurisdiction. This Agreement does not change your rights under
the laws of your jurisdiction if the laws of your jurisdiction do not permit it
to do so. Limitations and exclusions of warranties and remedies in this
Agreement may not apply to you because your jurisdiction may not allow them in
your particular circumstance. In the event that certain provisions of this
Agreement are not enforceable in your jurisdiction, those provisions shall be
enforceable to the furthest extent possible under applicable law.

Any act by Company to exercise, or failure or delay in exercise of, any of its
rights under this Agreement, at law or in equity will not be deemed a waiver of
those or any other rights or remedies available in contract, at law or in
equity.

Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, if any term of this Agreement is held
by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, the term
will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms of
this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. You agree that this
Agreement does not confer any rights or remedies on any person other than the
parties to this Agreement, except as expressly stated.

Company’s obligations are subject to existing laws and legal process, and
Company may comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests or requirements
despite any contrary term in this Agreement.
